Update EIP-6059: Clarify the backwards compatibility section (#7261)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-6059.md

The Nestable token standard has been made compatible with [ERC-721](./eip-721.md) in order to take advantage of the robust tooling available for implementations of ERC-721 and to ensure compatibility with existing ERC-721 infrastructure.

> The only incompatible part of the specification is the restriction to not use the token ID of 0.

Reviewer: I'm fine with this change, but would probably recommend something more specific, like:

```suggestion
The only incompatibility with ERC-721 is that Nestable tokens cannot use a token ID of 0.
```
